ok hello youtube this is redeemed for
and welcome to another one of my jojo's
bizarre adventures part 5 golden when
talk through series yes as in long names
always i know i say that every time but
yeah so we should this is its next
episode should probably be a spice girl
again yeah come on ice
hey Jenna me who I'm a package staff yo
to Macedon you do know she died in bed
raizle walking tonight he told me it's a
good look
rotary tomorrow you're gonna go see what
I was like you free admission
me
kiss
yo creo que no estoy algo de guerra ms
Reyes calle de la
okay so notorious b.i.g looks awesome
yeah look at that that's awesome yeah so
see ya spice spice girls really actually
and she doesn't seem to suck like whoosh
irani does but I don't know how to play
I don't know how to fight this into this
boss trial and Aaron here Jada's face so
I think I've to knock it off the
airplane
it's like I'm trying to like God
I wonder if that's really all I have to
do I'm gonna see if I can if there's any
more moves or anything that attack
enemies on the ground let's see what her
regular why attack does just see you
guys didn't so you mess around why is
just a regular
okay so why why for both stand for just
accents on the ground which this is your
only flight the entire series pretty
sure it is uh yeah
she's not even gonna be able to kill any
man
oh I have to survive I didn't even see
that time I thought I had to push it off
the ship Wow just because sometimes the
timer's there sometimes it's time
okay that sucks ha we had 11 seconds
left seems to be a running theme with
these levels I end up getting killed boy
usually I'm just gonna die on you
forever that was a very bad to hunch
how you're really supposed to see these
punches coming we can I just stay in the
middle here ok that is my question
it's like I can't go to the side
if I do that much exactly just like slap
okay so whatever I'm doing now is
working
wait he stands up like a hurt no I don't
ok so i literally just keep punching him
back avoiding his regular attacks and i
should plan claes regular attacks know
me too
okay i guess i was trying to overtalk
it's like as much as this game still how
it looks like a really really good like
just regular game time the school plays
kind of like you know the anime
I mean it's like if you played a lot of
anime games like i am you know they kind
of they have a certain feel to them it's
like you know they're not like the best
of the best I became did you have a
certain appeal to them and this game
still has that even though it's made by
Capcom which is kind of weird I hope it
should develop my Capcom I that's what I
saw I don't think it's just I hope it's
not just produced by them but uh heck it
might even be both who knows so this is
it for this episode guys until next time
this is our game for signing out